fix typos in documentation files (#20817)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/cryptography/zklogin-integration.mdx

However, the ephemeral key pair needs to be treated as a secret akin to a key pair in a traditional wallet. This is because if both the ephemeral private key and ZK proof are revealed to an attacker, then they can typically sign any transaction on behalf of the user (using the same process described previously).

> Consequently, you should not store them persistently in an insecure storage location, on any platform. For example, on browsers, use session storage instead of local storage to store the ephemeral key pair and the ZK proof. This is because session storage automatically clears its data when the browser session ends, while data in local storage persists indefinitely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consequently, you should not store them persistently in a storage location that is not secure, on any platform. For example, on browsers, use session storage instead of local storage to store the ephemeral key pair and the ZK proof. This is because session storage automatically clears its data when the browser session ends, while data in local storage persists indefinitely.
```
We chose not to use the word insecure but because this is the second time it's come up, I'm rewording.
